Added new kb article hide-default-expand-icon-maui-collectionview-grouping (#1252)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/hide-default-expand-icon-maui-collectionview-grouping.md

description: Learn how to hide the default expand icon in .NET MAUI CollectionView when grouping is used and use a custom icon instead.
type: how-to
page_title: Customizing Expand Icon in .NET MAUI CollectionView Grouping
meta_title: Customizing Expand Icon in .NET MAUI CollectionView Grouping
slug: hide-default-expand-icon-maui-collectionview-grouping
tags: collectionview, expand-collapse-indicator, grouping, header-template, styling
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 11.1.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI CollectionView | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova)| 
## Description

I want to hide the default expand/collapse icon in the .NET MAUI CollectionView when grouping is used. I plan to use a custom icon and style it further.

This knowledge base article also answers the following questions:
- How can I replace the default expand icon in .NET MAUI CollectionView with a custom one?
- How to hide the expand/collapse indicator in .NET MAUI CollectionView grouping?
- How to style the expand/collapse icon in .NET MAUI CollectionView?

## Solution

> To hide the default expand/collapse icon and use a custom icon, follow one of the options below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide the default expand/collapse icon and use a custom icon, use either the [`GroupViewStyle` property](#option-1-using-groupviewstyle) or [remove the default indicator](#option-2-removing-default-indicator).
```
